hello I've thought about it since numerous
we requested various products
single to region so imagine that
I'll make such a series now
I try very briefly and precisely you
to introduce a product and mine
to give reason to reason
I start today with the petru like that
perfect sixty wars day concealer in the
color cool a chili beige 0 10 is it
For me it looks like he promises
perfect coverage, no discoloration
Wisch and waterproof are ten
millimeter the price is two euros 65
that means you can actually do it
at least try it and if he does
it is very very bad then it falls to him
not so hard to throw away or away
to give
He promises a slight acne cream too
be for long-lasting opacity
Lighter fit and more reliable
stop for up to 16 hours no rub off
soft focus pigments hide skin
irregularities and eye shadow for
an even complexion with nurturing
caviar and skin soothe lotus flowers
extract skin compatibility dermatology
confirmed on the internet I found then still
that he should have a cooling effect
what else he should prevent irritation and
perfect for caring for the delicate skin in the
Eye area are then then also
concealer himself he comes here with one
type sponge applicator you can see it too
Two arrows on and one turns it
So push the product out and
then it comes out here the sponge
He is actually using it for application
one such floats applicators so
thought that the product is expressed
and directly on the wears that works for me
opinion not so good because then too much
product on the august under the eye
It just lies and I have it now
really very often tested and with
the finger on the ring finger would have the
least applied pressure and it is
nothing has become mine
Eyeshadow he has not covered
crumbly he has become mine
folded off
The color is not with my skin
it was completely fused
dreadful
I put them away for a while
but then I discovered it like that
youtube videos where the concealer order
was shown with a brush and that
not with a concealer brush but
with such a blind brush
I I believe I think so
once said
With that she has a new world
just opens up so great
I am sorry that I am now the
show again is from ebay line is
taken from the assortment house I am
desperately looking for one
alternative also cheaper
area is otherwise I have to
just surrendered and a mac 224 he or
217 he buy a zip ten years
but very expensive but also very
versatile other topic such a blind
brushes are available from many companies
many have already tried one
it's just what I do is me
give the concealer to my hand
Press because my hand is warm
the concealer melts easier
a bit warmed up becomes more fluid
and thus wear the concealer to the brush
on the lower eye area so under
open your eyes and blind you so and so
so that's it's really just fine
So I'm really excited about the
two together
That's why I would recommend you
because not alone concealer with countries
brush no matter which one is now
you prefer the one you have there super
So really right I would
Do not recommend the concealer to you now
to buy and then an expensive one
dazzling brush because you 're going to try that
wanted there are other concealer's
do not need that
if you but as I said a home
or have one anyway
I would recommend you that
Let's try it does not cost
three euros and that's it as I said
since then I have the technique somehow
found out for myself
I also use it regularly and am
I'm not very happy with that
he now cares especially the eyes or
I prevent that from irritation
actually not necessary but have
discover my pretty strong
eye shadow alright ok i hope it has
I like you as always
write back please write me
also how he finds that with one
evaluates shorter review and subscribes to that
I would be very happy and see you then
Let's go to the next video ts